Oh! Itoshi Sae hits the ball to Shidou Ryusei!
This is a chance for the U-20s!
Great play!
Go on!
Take the lead!
Huh?
Copying success: 99%.
Whoa! The new man on the field,
No. 14, Mikage Reo, clears it!
What fantastic defending!
Nice clearance.
I won't let this end with me in defense.
We're gonna win this game.
And I'll be a striker again.
We'll win this, then Nagi and I will...
Wow.
Hiori's inspiration broke the stalemate,
increasing the variation of our attacks.
And Reo's able to shut down Shidou
with his Chameleon Defense.
The subs were a success.
Blue Lock is starting to turn the tide.
Now, it's time for me to score.
But unless I get past their captain,
I can't do anything.
I'm gonna crush Aiku.
I need more pieces to make it happen.
Episode
What You Taught Us
Did you see that?
Sae-kun's passing is extraordinary!
I'm not sure why,
but that player intrigues me.
Hey, Itoshi Sae.
That was a nice pass.
Japan's U-20s
Playing soccer with you is all kinds of fun.
It's like my brain's getting
a stiffy from the electricity.
Japan's U-20s
Huh? What does that mean?
Beats me.
But it's like my idea of freedom
has finally been understood.
I feel a big bang coming.
I get that you're happy.
Now go deliver us more goals, devil.
The world doesn't know me yet.
Passes? Tactics?
A sure way to win?
You're all so lame.
How many times must I say it?
Soccer ain't a sport. It's life-sustaining.
My weapon is my extreme spatial awareness.
Everything about me is geared toward
scoring goals, surviving on the field,
and penalty area perfection.
In the box, I can aim precisely
at the goal, even with my back turned.
Now, pass! Right here, genius!
Every single cell in my body
exists to score goals!
I won't let you shoot.
This guy...
He's even copying Beardy's play?
Aren't you a crafty one?
You an impersonator or something?
That makes you the guy
who lost to an impersonator.
Should we demote you from "devil" to "brat"?
Whatever. You're nothing...
but a copy!
Nice work, Reo.
Blue Lock XI
Gimme another "copy."
Move up. Move up.
I need to be more explosive.
All humans exist to leave
something of themselves behind.
The act of leaving your own genes behind
is programming inherent in all living things.
Leaving memories behind by connecting
with people or hurting them is the same.
Creating something,
aspiring to be someone that matters,
and of course, having offspring...
are also acts of carving proof
of your existence into the world.
It just so happens that, for me,
playing soccer is that act.
I must heighten all my senses. To me...
Scoring is fertilization.
I'm the seed, and the goal net is the egg.
And I call that joyful birth...
...my "explosion"!
A super long pass?
Crap! Get back!
But no one could possibly react—
One of them took off reflexively?
It's mine!
I'm clean through!
Now just the goalie...
Are you kidding me, Topknot?
I can't use my hands,
so here's a dashing-out header!
Nice, Gagamaru.
All right!
Good call!
Damn.
I'll have to set the attack up again.
Huh? What is this sensation?
I'm really far out from the goal,
yet I can feel it at my back.
My soccer cells...
are tingling and stirring to spark.
He has now entered...
the "flow."
Big Bang Drive!
Now, let me announce to all the shitheads
of the world who don't know me yet.
With my goal...
With my genes...
I'll knock you up!
Focus on a daring challenge.
So the first to enter the "flow" state
in this match was you, Shidou Ryusei.
Hell yeah!
O-Outstanding!
With a long-range overhead kick,
the U-20s come from behind to lead!
All right! We completed the comeback!
They did it, Special Adviser!
Shidou Ryusei.
It's his debut, and he's already world-class?
Shidou-kun, that was awesome!
All hail the aerial kill—
I scored, Itoshi Sae!
I'll play soccer with you forever.
When I'm with you,
I start throbbing like never before.
Creep.
I told you to score a hat-trick.
So don't touch me until
you have, you horny devil.
Okay, okay.
Then, if I score ten more goals,
let's be roomies.
What the hell was that goal?
That was totally insane.
None of us could handle Shidou,
but Itoshi Sae kept
feeding him challenging passes.
And Shidou rose to the challenge.
Shidou's definitely in a "flow" state now.
Damn it.
He pulled off what I wanted to...
what I needed to accomplish.
Guided by the genius that is Itoshi Sae,
the Devil has awakened.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
They've completely swallowed up this match.
At this rate, we'll lose.
It'll all be over.
Will those two be the ones...
to change Japanese soccer, not us?
Japan! Japan! Japan! Japan!
Are we...
Am I...
Ego-san. Based on Shidou-kun's data,
a goal like that shouldn't have been possible.
He must have awakened.
Please, you've got to do something.
I can't.
From here on out, there is no plan.
Huh?
Wait, what are you saying?!
If we lose, that's it for Blue Lock!
Everything we've done
up to now will be wasted!
Ego-san!
I don't want it to end like this.
What should we do?
We're fighting with everything
we've got, like you told us.
But we're still not good enough.
Please tell me...
How can we win?
Are you stupid?
Blue Lock has already won.
We dominated the first half.
Shidou Ryusei triumphed.
It's all according to my script.
True, if we lose this match, Blue Lock
and its rules will go down the drain,
and I will be cast out from
Japanese soccer and forgotten.
But...
None of you will disappear.
Discovered by Itoshi Sae, Shidou Ryusei,
is destined for Japanese soccer stardom.
And as a star player of equal standing,
Itoshi Rin will no doubt join the U-20s.
Powerhouse universities and domestic
leagues will snap up the rest of you,
opening doors to plenty of possibilities.
That's the level of performance
you managed to display.
In the future, there will come a time
when your days at Blue Lock
will be an advantage to you.
Now that you have inherited your egos,
you will change Japanese soccer.
So stand proud. We've already won.
Who cares?
The future of Japanese soccer?
Assurances of what's to come?
None of that matters.
I...
We...
We want to win right here and now.
We don't want "what's next."
Losing is the same as dying.
But we aren't dead yet.
I want to be the best
in the world. Nothing else.
I-Isagi-kun.
Make us win, you four-eyed schmuck.
This ego is what you taught us.
Very well, Isagi Yoichi.
Then, we'll go with an unprecedented plan
that even I can't predict the results of.
You're up, Joker.
Barou Shouei.
Blue Lock XI
I was getting tired of waiting, donkey.
The JFU presents
Japan's U-20s vs. Blue Lock
We're 15 minutes into the second half.
But wait!
After going behind,
Blue Lock XI are making a substitution.
Their final substitution is Otoya Eita
being swapped out for No. 13, Barou Shouei.
Ya gotta go on the attack, yeah.
Control your bloodlust, King.
You'll tip off their defenders.
Shut it. It's called fire.
Blue Lock's Substitutions
Center Forward
Left Winger
Attacking Midfielder
Defensive Midfielder
Right Winger
Left Back
Center Back
Right Back
Goalkeeper
Barou, you'll be out on the right wing.
Hiori will drop into the right back role,
so coordinate down the line and—
Listen up, donkey.
I watched you from the bench.
Your play is boring.
Shut up.
This is our last substitution.
This is Ego putting his faith in us
and telling us to crush them all
by going all-out attack with Barou.
We barely practiced this formation.
Ego-san, are you sure this is
going to work without a plan?
Putting in Barou Shouei
was a plan I had in mind.
I have no intention of throwing this game.
I told you. Up to now, it's all gone
according to my script.
Including the fact they'd
still want to win this match.
But one thing I didn't see coming
was that their egos and the fire growing inside
of them would go beyond my expectations.
So the promise of victory—
Just shut up and watch.
Right now, they may be capable of creating
a place where the soccer is most intense.
Blue Lock XI
Welcome to the battlefield, King.
Did you get killed in action after
scoring just one goal, Mr. Hassle?
Just pass the ball to me.
In your dreams.
You guys, forget about keeping
things balanced from here on.
Those of us up front will put
all our energy into attacking.
We'll win, even if it means death.
Okay, Rin-chan.
You're fired-up, aren't you, captain?
Whatever. I'm not interested
in any mass suicide pact.
Right. Because we'll win.
Yeah. Let's go.
Here's the sitrep. This is our strongest
formation to go all-out attack with.
"Steal more goals." That's the only way...
...for us to save Blue Lock!
Barou's weapon is powerful dribbling
and his central long-range shooting.
If Barou receives the ball in that area,
his chances of scoring skyrocket.
I'll guide Barou into that area,
while trying to outsmart them all
and aiming to score myself.
Listen up, Barou Shouei.
If Yukimiya Kenyu is on the field
when you're subbed on,
break their formation with
powerful dribbling down both wings.
I've told the rest of the team
to build their attacks
around the individual skills
of you and Yukimiya.
But ignore all that.
That was my plan all along.
That's good.
Right up until the very
last second of the match,
think of nothing other
than devouring Isagi Yoichi.
Japan's U-20s
Now, what kind of moves
is this No. 13 gonna show us?
Those two are still passing it around.
They're not using this guy?
Did Itoshi Rin just send it backward?
Is that kid with the light blue hair
gonna switch the play?
Blue Lock XI
Here it comes, strikers.
Two of them moved simultaneously?
Go to the most dangerous one.
Sendou's marking Itoshi Rin.
So the one who's free is...
their No. 11!
He's slow to react. I can steal it.
I'll intercept—
Huh?
Barou?
You... What are you doing?
What am I doing? Can't you see?
I'm Isagi-hunting.
He stole the ball from his teammate?
That makes no sense.
How can we read an attack like that?
There's no rationality to
Barou Shouei's style of play.
That's why the more you know about soccer,
the easier it is to be tricked...
by his first-glimpse killer back-heel.
A chop dribble?
So he has real skills?
That's why he's a joker.
A king loyal only to his own personal gain
throws everyone into disarray, friend or foe.
Create chaos, Barou Shouei.
From here on, even I can't say what'll happen...
in these final 30 minutes.
Whoa! Blue Lock's substitute, No. 13,
Barou Shouei, tears through the defense!
What speed!
Will he take a shot in the box?
Japan's U-20s
What a bizarre trump card,
stealing the ball off his own teammate.
He's looking at the penalty area.
To pass?
No, you're the type who wants
to take the shot yourself, right?
But there's no routes for the shot out there.
Pass it already, Barou!
Their No. 11 reacted fast.
Is that his plan?
Will he go for the one-two
or use the No. 11 as bait to cut inside?
Huh? Outside?
Barou!
This is bad.
If he passes now,
it's a goal-scoring opportunity.
Another chop dribble?
Impossible. This guy
is beyond comprehension.
Pass it, Barou!
Even if the world turned upside-down,
I'd never pass it to you, Isagi.
I'll devour everything in
this match, including you!
He's insane.
That idiot.
Stupid king. You're too eager.
He's thrown both teams into chaos.
Second ball!
Blue Lock XI
The other team is in disarray.
Barou-kun's presence
is causing total confusion.
I need to set an appropriate objective.
Japan's U-20s
Try and get past me, Yukki-kun.
Time to get into a "flow" state.
One step beyond my best performance...
Go!
His weight's on his right.
So fast!
I can't shoot yet.
Crank it up a gear.
Use steps made possible by
the chaos Barou-kun's caused.
La Croqueta at top speed?
And his touches are faster than before!
Using people as obstacles to weave through...
This is street soccer-style dribbling!
Out of my way.
I'm running out of time.
He used Hayate's body as a shield?
Aw, crap. I'm half-a-step behind!
I see it. My...
best angle for a shot.
Japan's U-20s
Just try and shoot, Goggles!
He's fast.
He's blocking my angle.
No, not yet.
It's now or never, so find it.
The ultimate shot that will lead me...
...to the "flow"!
Huh? Where are you aiming—
It's curling inward?
A gyro shot?
Goal in time.
So this sensation is the "flow."
Aiku!
Japan's U-20s
He read that?
It was a gyro shot from his blind spot!
No. He took a chance
on an all-or-nothing leap.
That was clearly different
from his usual thought-out style.
That was defending by gambling.
Whoa. What the heck
is this crazy sensation?
I can see the most dangerous
spot in the goal area.
No, my whole body feels it.
Don't tell me...
He's found the "flow," too?!
I've been waiting for a moment like this.
Blue Lock Additional Time.
A
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Blue Lock
Additional Time!
Itoshi Sae
Bag Inspection
Niou
Kazuma
Neru
Teppei
Sendou
Shuto
Darai
Miroku
Itoshi Sae really cares
about his appearance.
He's always perfect and awesome. Cool!
I bet he's also trying
to bag himself an actress.
No, that's just you.
Putting stuff on his skin and
pretending he's some kind of prince?
He's seriously annoying.
Huh? Is this his bag?
Damn him! Let's do an emergency bag
inspection to see what he has in here!
Hey, stop that. Ever hear of privacy?
A watch.
So cool!
Don't finger it too much.
I bet it's expensive.
Lotion and moisturizer.
Beauty care!
Skincare's important.
I bet they're expensive.
Sunglasses.
So fashionable!
A must-have for a popular guy.
I bet they're super expensive!
Bah! He really pisses me off!
Oh, here's a second bag.
We'll check that bag out, too! Right now!
Huh? What's this?
Earrings?
What?
For women, no less.
A compact mirror.
With girly glitter on it?
A pink toothbrush?
A cute one!
L-L-Lip stick?
B-B-But why?
Itoshi Sae...
Don't tell me he cross-dresses?
Oh, my.
Huh?
He might actually look good.
All right! The bag inspection was a success!
Bag Inspection
Success!
Oh, sorry. That's my ex-girlfriend's.
Bag Inspection
Success!
We broke up, but she left
her overnight bag at my place.
Oliver Aiku
I was gonna go give it back to her today.
That is so misleading!
A girlfriend?
What's an overnight bag?
I'm dying. You're killing me!
Is she older? Are you into mature women?
What's an overnight bag?